yeah
I really like making my own
yogurt I have a quart of milk
and I have some already made
yogurt in this bowl and I have a
pot so the first step is to take
your quart of milk
and put it into a pot I'm going
to take this milk and going to
warm it up just to where I start
seeing some steam coming off of
the milk
so the next step is to put the
milk back into the quart jar
so I'm going to pour this for
milk into the jar here and you
want to fill it up until you
have maybe a quarter cup of room
left in there you're going to
add three large tablespoons of
culture to the warm quart of
milk
you can just buy some plain
yogurt at the store
just make sure you get play once
the yogurt and the milk has been
mixed together and put a lid on
it
I like to do it loosely because
as the fermentation is occurring
air is going to be released
I'm going to wrap it in this
wool blanket if you have an oven
you can put it in the oven on
the one you wanted to stay from
about 80 degrees 200 degrees
it's becoming more and more
common in our culture here in
the mountains to make your own
yogurt because a lot of people
have their own milk and they
have to find something to do
with that
not only last for so long and
it's one way to waste a lot less
food you can for metro milk
of course the best part of
yogurt is when it's finished and
you get to eat it
so I'm gonna have some now it's
breakfast
my favorite way to eat yogurt is
with honey so I'm just going to
drizzle a little honey on it or
a lot of money
this is my homemade yogurt and
some honey from Mara from our
honeybees
it's one of my favorite
breakfast